Count: You should have 3 proposals.

One where you know you can get the data:

1. High level description of project? Combining FBI crime data and census data to find a correlation between crime
rates, population, and geography. Might add employment and salary data to the mix.
2. What question or problem are you trying to solve? Identifying the safest place(s) to live.
3. How will you present your work: Presentation - slides, ideally to include a map showing gradient color for various
features.
4. What are your data sources? FBI UCR, Census Bureau, Bureau of Labor Statistics, and ...TBD
5. What’s your next step towards making this your project? Finalizing the scope so I know where and how much data is
needed to answer the question above.

One where you think you can get the data:

1. High level description of project: Partner with former employer to answer a question about their business.
I could potentially use additional data from Zillow API to answer a broader question.
***Former Employer: Yardi Systems is a real estate software company for context
2. What question or problem are you trying to solve: TBD, I already have a meeting for coffee scheduled during
“review” week.
3. How will you present your work: Presentation - slides
4. What are your data sources: Former employer to provide data, as well as potentially using additional data from
Zillow API.
5. What’s your next step towards making this your project: Will have more details after meeting for coffee.

One that is a stretch for the data being obtainable(sort of):

1. High level description of project: Use horse racing data to predict race winners.
2. What question or problem are you trying to solve: Predict race winners, maybe a step further for other betting
wagers (ex:trifecta), and maybe take it another step further to determine if there will be a Triple Crown winner or not.
3. How will you present your work: Presentation - slides
4. What are your data sources: API horse racing data is available from The Daily Racing Form website.
5. What’s your next step towards making this your project: Obtaining the data and finalizing the scope of the capstone.
I would like to look into additional data such as weather or agricultural feeds data to potentially add to the scope.